2385 document featsink support encode jsonb data as dynamic json type in sink (#2548)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/guides/create-sink-kafka.md

### JSON specific parameters

#### `jsonb.handling.mode`

The `jsonb.handling.mode` determines how `jsonb` data types are encoded. This parameter has two possible values:

> - `string`: Encodes the `jsonb` type as a string. For example, if you choose this value, `{"k": 2}` will be converted to `"{\"k\": 2}"`.
> 
> - `dynamic`: Dynamically encodes the `jsonb` type as json type. For example, if you choose this value, `{"k": 2}` will be converted to `{"k": 2}`. Here a json object `jsonb` is encoded to a json object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `string`: Encodes the `jsonb` type to a string. For example, if you set this parameter, `{"k": 2}` will be converted to `"{\"k\": 2}"`.

- `dynamic`: Dynamically encodes a `jsonb` type value to a JSON type value. For example, if you set this parameter, `{"k": 2}` will be converted to `{"k": 2}`. Here the `jsonb` value is encoded to a JSON object type value.
```
